<hr>
<h2># C - Functions, nested loops</h2>
<ul>
<li> 0 - Write a program that prints Holberton, followed by a new line.</li>
<li> 1 - Write a function that prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.</li>
<li> 2 - Write a function that prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.</li>
<li> 3 - Write a function that checks for lowercase character.</li>
<li> 4 - Write a function that checks for alphabetic character.</li>
<li> 5 - Write a function that prints the sign of a number.</li>
<li> 6 - Write a function that computes the absolute value of an integer.</li>
<li> 7 - Write a function that prints the last digit of a number.</li>
<li> 8 - Write a function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59.</li>
<li> 9 - Write a function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.</li>
<li> 10 - Write a function that adds two integers and returns the result.</li>
<li> 11 - Write a function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line.</li>
<li> 100 - Write a function that prints the n times table, starting with 0.</li>
<li> 101 - If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. Write a program that computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by a new line.</li>
<li> 102 - Write a program that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.</li>
<li> 103 - Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89. By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed 4,000,000, write a program that finds and prints the sum of the even-valued terms, followed by a new line.</li>
<li> 104 - Write a program that finds and prints the first 98 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.</li>
</ul>
<hr>
